#-*- mode: org -*-
#+STARTUP: overview
#+STARTUP: indent

#+BEGIN: clocktable :scope agenda-with-archives :link t :step weel :maxlevel 3 :scope file :tstart "<2020-05-25>" :tend "<now>"

#+END:

* 256677 West Gate Tunnel Project
** General
*** TODO Update teams tracker with RFI status
SCHEDULED: <2020-05-29 Fri 16:00>
:LOGBOOK:
CLOCK: [2020-05-26 Tue 10:29]--[2020-05-26 Tue 10:52] =>  0:23
- Zone 200 Meeting
:END:
** TODO [#A] RFI-003167 Verification
:LOGBOOK:
CLOCK: [2020-05-29 Fri 12:26]--[2020-05-29 Fri 13:10] =>  0:44
CLOCK: [2020-05-29 Fri 11:38]--[2020-05-29 Fri 12:05] =>  0:27
CLOCK: [2020-05-29 Fri 10:05]--[2020-05-29 Fri 10:30] =>  0:25
- Call with Zarinne to discuss RFI status and response
CLOCK: [2020-05-29 Fri 09:30]--[2020-05-29 Fri 09:45] =>  0:15
- Initial check of RFI drawings
:END:
** TODO [#A] RFI-008763 NW-202-476-WB-02D-1 & 2 - Incorrect HD Bolts Cast into Pile
SCHEDULED: <2020-05-29 Fri 15:00>
:LOGBOOK:
CLOCK: [2020-05-26 Tue 10:50]--[2020-05-26 Tue 11:30] =>  0:40
:END:
** TODO [#B] RFI-007570 Location of gantry GT-40-470-09
:LOGBOOK:
CLOCK: [2020-05-11 Mon 16:30]--[2020-05-11 Mon 17:00] =>  0:30
- Download and upload of reports and drawinghs from the Tulla widening
CLOCK: [2020-04-14 Tue 13:00]--[2020-04-14 Tue 13:41] =>  0:41
- Email with findings to Iwan
CLOCK: [2020-04-06 Mon 11:30]--[2020-04-06 Mon 16:30] =>  5:00
CLOCK: [2020-04-02 Thu 09:30]--[2020-04-02 Thu 12:47] =>  3:17
- Sending design note to Luis and Iwan
CLOCK: [2020-04-01 Wed 08:10]--[2020-04-01 Wed 16:30] =>  8:20
:END:
*** Archive                                                       :ARCHIVE:
**** DONE Prepare markup of new drawings required after calling Mark Lee to discuss what they require
CLOSED: [2020-04-02 Thu 10:19]
:PROPERTIES:
:ARCHIVE_TIME: 2020-04-02 Thu 10:35
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
Collected drawings, make basic calculations, started markup:
CLOCK: [2020-03-12 Thu 08:00]--[2020-03-12 Thu 16:10] =>  8:10
CLOCK: [2020-03-11 Wed 15:00]--[2020-03-11 Wed 16:30] =>  1:30
:END:
**** DONE Contact Alex to give him a status update
:PROPERTIES:
:ARCHIVE_TIME: 2020-04-07 Tue 08:27
:END:

**** DONE Barrier design notes - communicate findings to Iwan and Louis: [[file:~/OneDrive%20-%20Aurecon%20Group/01%20Jobs/256677%20WGTP/01%20RFIs/RFI-007570%20Location%20of%20Gantry%20GT-40-470-09/Working/Calc%20Pack/RFI-007570_Location_of_Gantry_GT-40-470-09.tex][Design Note]] 
:PROPERTIES:
:ARCHIVE_TIME: 2020-04-14 Tue 14:11
:END:
**** DONE Check reactions for gantry
:PROPERTIES:
:ARCHIVE_TIME: 2020-04-14 Tue 14:11
:END:
** TODO [#B] RFI-005012 Lifting Lugs
:LOGBOOK:
CLOCK: [2020-05-29 Fri 08:48]--[2020-05-29 Fri 09:32] =>  0:44
:END:
** TODO [#C] RFI-004447 Hold cloud removal
:LOGBOOK:
CLOCK: [2020-05-07 Thu 09:33]--[2020-05-07 Thu 12:33] =>  3:00
- Markup drawings to Wood Marsh
CLOCK: [2020-05-06 Wed 10:30]--[2020-05-06 Wed 13:00] =>  2:30
- Checking previous correspondence
CLOCK: [2020-05-04 Mon 13:30]--[2020-05-04 Mon 14:00] =>  0:30
- Initial briefing
:END:
** TODO [#C] RFI-006666 Type 4 Acrylic on Curve and HD Bolt Details
*** Check out CPBJH-RTRFI-045159 for confirmation of gasket size
*** TODO Call Emily to discuss impact in Civils
SCHEDULED: <2020-05-29 Fri 16:00>
** RFI 005599 New gantries on Footscray road
:NOTES:
- Note taken on [2020-03-16 Mon 12:19] \\
  Produce foundation proposal for gantries and circulate to Civils team as well as
  Douglas Partners
- Note taken on [2020-03-16 Mon 10:15] \\
  Email to Civils team to ask for guidance on further expectations
- Note taken on [2020-02-26 Wed 13:51] \\
  Spoke with Riley about gantry designs. He stated that they would prefer gantries to be supported on piled foundations
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
CLOCK: [2020-05-26 Tue 13:45]--[2020-05-26 Tue 14:45] =>  1:00
- Handover meeting
CLOCK: [2020-03-16 Mon 09:05]--[2020-03-16 Mon 09:15] =>  0:10
CLOCK: [2020-02-28 Fri 08:30]--[2020-02-28 Fri 10:15] =>  1:45
CLOCK: [2020-02-26 Wed 12:30]--[2020-02-26 Wed 15:07] =>  2:37
CLOCK: [2020-02-26 Wed 08:10]--[2020-02-26 Wed 12:10] =>  4:00
CLOCK: [2020-02-25 Tue 15:40]--[2020-02-25 Tue 16:10] =>  0:30
:END:
*** Archive                                                       :ARCHIVE:
**** DONE Read latest correspondence about Footscray road gantries
:PROPERTIES:
:ARCHIVE_TIME: 2020-05-06 Wed 11:38
:END:
**** DONE List issues with limited overhead gantry clearance - Is there an issue? Confirm with Chantel Swart
:PROPERTIES:
:ARCHIVE_TIME: 2020-05-06 Wed 11:39
:END:
**** DONE Propose solution for gantry connections to barriers based on possible solutions from other drawings
:PROPERTIES:
:ARCHIVE_TIME: 2020-05-26 Tue 12:26
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
- Note taken on [2020-02-19 Wed 16:29] \\
  Checking project wide drawings for gantry support solutions. Also Skype call to Mark Lee to discuss
CLOCK: [2020-02-19 Wed 13:50]--[2020-02-19 Wed 16:35] =>  2:45
CLOCK: [2020-02-17 Mon 16:00]--[2020-02-17 Mon 17:00] =>  1:00
- Study existing drawings for suitable solutions. Downloaded drawings from Aconex as latest
:END:
:NOTES:
- WGT-400-440-DRG-AJV-440-000-0211 shows a 400x400x12 gantry spanning 14673mm
- Cantilever boxes are much bigger ~700x700x16
- For barrier mounted connection, the barrier will have to be structurally connected to a large foundation, see e.g. WGT-400-440-DRG-AJV-440-000-0601
- WGT-402-410-DRG-YWL-410-060-0585-0 shows veloway connection brackets. Propose something similar for gantries? Support from above was not seen as acceptable.
:END:                                                              
**** CANCELED Ask Rafal about gantry updates, who does design check?
:PROPERTIES:
:ARCHIVE_TIME: 2020-05-26 Tue 12:26
:END:
There is a preference to support the gantries from below. It is very important that pile drawings be issued asap so that
piling can continue before the launching gantry is in place. Rafal requested that all documentation that is currently
available be compiled for review.
** Archive                                                         :ARCHIVE:
*** DONE RFI-005012 Bridge 61 lifting lugs [0%] [0/1]
:PROPERTIES:
:ARCHIVE_TIME: 2020-05-06 Wed 11:30
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
CLOCK: [2020-03-31 Tue 07:45]--[2020-03-31 Tue 12:00] =>  4:15
CLOCK: [2020-03-30 Mon 07:35]--[2020-03-30 Mon 15:45] =>  8:10
:END:
**** TODO Check local stresses on connection of lifting lug
**** Archive                                                     :ARCHIVE:
***** DONE Check latest correspondence
:PROPERTIES:
:ARCHIVE_TIME: 2020-04-02 Thu 10:35
:END:
***** DONE Midas models
CLOSED: [2020-03-30 Mon 16:44]
:PROPERTIES:
:ARCHIVE_TIME: 2020-04-02 Thu 10:35
:END:
- Check forces for current lifting lug positions and compare with new positions
- Talk to Peter and David Taylor about bridge 50 and bridge 70 lifting lug eccentricities as well as cross bracing
*** DONE RFI-007460 South Portal PC barriers on roof deck [0%] [0/1]
:PROPERTIES:
:ARCHIVE_TIME: 2020-05-06 Wed 11:30
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
CLOCK: [2020-04-17 Fri 08:00]--[2020-04-17 Fri 11:04] =>  3:04
CLOCK: [2020-04-14 Tue 13:30]--[2020-04-14 Tue 16:30] =>  3:00
CLOCK: [2020-04-15 Wed 08:05]--[2020-04-15 Wed 13:35] =>  5:30
:END:
*** DONE RFI-007965 HD Bolts out of position
:PROPERTIES:
:ARCHIVE_TIME: 2020-05-06 Wed 11:30
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
CLOCK: [2020-04-08 Wed 08:05]--[2020-04-08 Wed 12:51] =>  4:46
- Prepared initail response to discuss with James Rafferty
CLOCK: [2020-04-07 Tue 09:10]--[2020-04-07 Tue 11:00] =>  1:50
:END:
*** RFI-008638 verification 
:PROPERTIES:
:ARCHIVE_TIME: 2020-05-26 Tue 12:30
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
CLOCK: [2020-05-20 Wed 09:00]--[2020-05-20 Wed 09:15] =>  0:15
:END:
*** RFI-007965 Noise wall post to be re-fabricated
:PROPERTIES:
:ARCHIVE_TIME: 2020-05-26 Tue 12:30
:END:
**** Update drawings as required
*** RFI 007564 Precast fascia panels with reduced ferrules
:PROPERTIES:
:ARCHIVE_TIME: 2020-05-26 Tue 12:30
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
CLOCK: [2020-05-04 Mon 15:25]--[2020-05-04 Mon 16:25] =>  1:00
:END:
*** RFI-007792 Pile overcast review of findings
:PROPERTIES:
:ARCHIVE_TIME: 2020-05-26 Tue 12:30
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
CLOCK: [2020-05-22 Fri 16:00]--[2020-05-22 Fri 16:20] =>  0:20
- Final comments to Elly
CLOCK: [2020-05-22 Fri 14:00]--[2020-05-22 Fri 14:44] =>  0:44
- Initial comments to Elly
:END:
*** DONE RFI-004546 Structural Drawings Verification - BLTS alignment
:PROPERTIES:
:ARCHIVE_TIME: 2020-05-29 Fri 11:17
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
CLOCK: [2020-05-27 Wed 09:45]--[2020-05-27 Wed 10:00] =>  0:15
CLOCK: [2020-05-27 Wed 08:16]--[2020-05-27 Wed 09:20] =>  1:04
CLOCK: [2020-05-26 Tue 15:01]--[2020-05-26 Tue 15:28] =>  0:27
- Discussion with Zarinne, drawing downloads, initial review
:END:
* 502730 Anglesea Barracks [5/11]
:LOGBOOK:
CLOCK: [2020-06-02 Tue 10:00]--[2020-06-02 Tue 15:42] =>  5:42
- Updates to drawings after verification comments. Drawing set sent to Jason Pruzinski for comment at <2020-06-02 Tue 15:45> 
CLOCK: [2020-06-02 Tue 07:35]--[2020-06-02 Tue 09:42] =>  2:07
- Sending verification pack to Will
CLOCK: [2020-06-01 Mon 08:15]--[2020-06-01 Mon 17:00] =>  8:45
- Drawings and calculations update after discussion with Chris Jaques
CLOCK: [2020-05-29 Fri 14:00]--[2020-05-29 Fri 16:21] =>  2:21
CLOCK: [2020-05-29 Fri 08:35]--[2020-05-29 Fri 08:48] =>  0:13
- Calc pack
CLOCK: [2020-05-28 Thu 10:35]--[2020-05-28 Thu 16:30] =>  5:55
- Drawings
CLOCK: [2020-05-28 Thu 08:15]--[2020-05-28 Thu 09:30] =>  1:15
- Drawings
CLOCK: [2020-05-27 Wed 16:05]--[2020-05-27 Wed 17:15] =>  1:10
- Drawings
CLOCK: [2020-05-27 Wed 13:00]--[2020-05-27 Wed 14:59] =>  1:59
CLOCK: [2020-05-21 Thu 10:28]--[2020-05-21 Thu 11:52] =>  1:24
- Calls to geotech engineer and follow up with PM about pile solution, also further research on micropiling
CLOCK: [2020-05-20 Wed 15:00]--[2020-05-20 Wed 16:39] =>  1:39
- Formulating reply about pile lengths
CLOCK: [2020-05-20 Wed 12:30]--[2020-05-20 Wed 13:30] =>  1:00
- Geotechnical design parameters check and email to team
CLOCK: [2020-05-07 Thu 14:00]--[2020-05-07 Thu 14:40] =>  0:40
CLOCK: [2020-05-07 Thu 08:30]--[2020-05-07 Thu 09:15] =>  0:45
CLOCK: [2020-04-15 Wed 09:05]--[2020-04-15 Wed 09:35] =>  0:30
- Skype meeting about new scope
CLOCK: [2020-03-31 Tue 12:30]--[2020-03-31 Tue 13:00] =>  0:30
- Wrote reply about structural repair method for chimney
CLOCK: [2020-02-27 Thu 10:21]--[2020-02-27 Thu 10:22] =>  0:01
- Preparation of expense reports (time not capptured before), Review of photos sent from site
CLOCK: [2020-02-21 Fri 09:25]--[2020-02-21 Fri 11:26] =>  2:01
:END:
+ [ ] Add notes as per Will's email request
+ [ ] Complete calculation pack
+ [ ] Check notes 
+ [ ] Pile loads
+ [ ] Correct title blocks - final updates to building numbers etc.
+ [ ] Create verification form for Chris Jaques
+ [X] Send verification form to will
+ [X] Add timber notes
+ [X] Lintel repairs
+ [X] Notes for strengthening of beam in roof space 
+ [X] Chimney repairs
** Notes:
- Will McMillan to verify design, Chris Jacques to certify design
** Archive                                                         :ARCHIVE:
*** DONE Read Jason P's prelim report
:PROPERTIES:
:ARCHIVE_TIME: 2020-04-02 Thu 10:36
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
CLOCK: [2020-03-02 Mon 12:30]--[2020-03-02 Mon 13:25] =>  0:55
:END:
*** DONE Skype meeting to discuss next works
:PROPERTIES:
:ARCHIVE_TIME: 2020-04-02 Thu 10:36
:END:
:LOGBOOK:
CLOCK: [2020-03-03 Tue 15:05]--[2020-03-03 Tue 16:20] =>  1:15
CLOCK: [2020-03-03 Tue 13:21]--[2020-03-03 Tue 14:07] =>  0:46
:END:
*** CANCELED Provide feedback on engineering reports received from Jason Pruzinski
:PROPERTIES:
:ARCHIVE_TIME: 2020-04-15 Wed 13:42
:END:
*** CANCELED Detail two methods for constructing new sandstone parapets on site
:PROPERTIES:
:ARCHIVE_TIME: 2020-04-15 Wed 13:43
:END:
[[file:Anglesea.org][Anglesea Report Notes]]
:NOTES:
- Full scaffolding plus crane
- Access to back of building below scaffolding seems required
- Roof needs to be propped from the inside taking account of the timber floor that will not bear the load
- Comment on whether the parapet needs back pinning - propose materials and methodology
- Underpinning of base commander's building. Method and quantity required
:END:
*** CANCELED Provide drawings for four issues raised within new scope. 
SCHEDULED: <2020-06-01 Mon 08:00-17:00>
:PROPERTIES:
:ARCHIVE_TIME: 2020-05-29 Fri 11:16
:END:
- Drawings to be completred for verification by end of May
* 504943 Marvel Stadium
:LOGBOOK:
CLOCK: [2020-05-29 Fri 09:15]--[2020-05-29 Fri 09:33] =>  0:18
CLOCK: [2020-05-26 Tue 15:28]--[2020-05-26 Tue 15:55] =>  0:27
- Discussion with Tim & Zarinne about Marvel rigging loads
CLOCK: [2020-05-25 Mon 10:20]--[2020-05-25 Mon 11:49] =>  1:29
CLOCK: [2020-05-25 Mon 08:20]--[2020-05-25 Mon 08:59] =>  0:39
CLOCK: [2020-05-25 Mon 11:50]--[2020-05-25 Mon 11:50] =>  0:00
CLOCK: [2020-05-22 Fri 12:45]--[2020-05-22 Fri 14:43] =>  1:58
- Marvel rigging of scoreboard
CLOCK: [2020-05-21 Thu 14:30]--[2020-05-21 Thu 15:20] =>  0:50
- Catchup after Tim's meeting with the architect. Discussion of further scoreboard work etc. 
CLOCK: [2020-05-21 Thu 13:46]--[2020-05-21 Thu 14:22] =>  0:36
CLOCK: [2020-05-20 Wed 08:10]--[2020-05-20 Wed 09:00] =>  8:50
CLOCK: [2020-05-19 Tue 08:10]--[2020-05-19 Tue 17:00] =>  8:50
CLOCK: [2020-05-18 Mon 08:10]--[2020-05-18 Mon 17:00] =>  6:33
CLOCK: [2020-05-13 Wed 08:00]--[2020-05-13 Wed 10:42] =>  2:42
CLOCK: [2020-05-12 Tue 08:15]--[2020-05-12 Tue 16:15] =>  8:00
CLOCK: [2020-05-11 Mon 08:00]--[2020-05-11 Mon 16:30] =>  8:30
:END:
** TODO Transformer room floor checks
SCHEDULED: <2020-06-04 Thu>
** DONE Rail truss checks
:LOGBOOK:
CLOCK: [2020-05-26 Tue 12:20]--[2020-05-26 Tue 13:30] =>  1:10
CLOCK: [2020-05-26 Tue 08:05]--[2020-05-26 Tue 10:29] =>  2:24
:END:
** DONE Value engineering, roof plant spaces
:LOGBOOK:
CLOCK: [2020-05-25 Mon 11:51]--[2020-05-25 Mon 16:43] =>  4:52
:END:
** DONE Do an analysis for Mark regarding movable roof loads. Are reactionms over or under when comparing stage loads with 0.1kPa allowance?
* MOPT Rigging Tender
** TODO Get job number
* 503624 Melbourne Arena Rigging Load
:LOGBOOK:
CLOCK: [2020-05-27 Wed 15:01]--[2020-05-27 Wed 16:00] =>  0:59
CLOCK: [2020-05-27 Wed 10:00]--[2020-05-27 Wed 12:20] =>  2:20
CLOCK: [2020-05-27 Wed 09:20]--[2020-05-27 Wed 09:45] =>  0:25
- Review of MA additional info received
CLOCK: [2020-05-20 Wed 13:50]--[2020-05-20 Wed 14:30] =>  0:40
CLOCK: [2020-04-07 Tue 08:53]--[2020-04-07 Tue 11:26] =>  2:33
CLOCK: [2020-04-06 Mon 10:15]--[2020-04-06 Mon 10:30] =>  0:15
- Chat with Tim about project
:END:
** WAIT Produce close final out report
:LOGBOOK:
CLOCK: [2020-03-02 Mon 11:45]--[2020-03-02 Mon 12:15] =>  0:30
- Downloading photos from .heic format
:END:
** Talk to Mark and Tim about Glen's request for work. Also discuss potential digital solution with them.
** TODO RLA, overlay new grid onto structure and see how loads correlate
* 509102 Bourke street penetrations 
:LOGBOOK:
CLOCK: [2020-05-29 Fri 10:30]--[2020-05-29 Fri 11:00] =>  0:30
- Sire inspection report 
CLOCK: [2020-05-28 Thu 09:30]--[2020-05-28 Thu 10:30] =>  1:00
- Pre pour site inspection
CLOCK: [2020-05-21 Thu 14:22]--[2020-05-21 Thu 15:45] =>  0:58
CLOCK: [2020-05-21 Thu 12:35]--[2020-05-21 Thu 13:37] =>  1:02
- Site inspection to confirm remedial action for overbreak into existing slab
CLOCK: [2020-05-07 Thu 16:00]--[2020-05-07 Thu 17:00] =>  1:00
- Site queries
CLOCK: [2020-05-07 Thu 11:30]--[2020-05-07 Thu 13:30] =>  2:00
- Site queries
CLOCK: [2020-05-05 Tue 11:30]--[2020-05-05 Tue 13:30] =>  2:00
- Project governance form
CLOCK: [2020-05-05 Tue 11:30]--[2020-05-05 Tue 14:00] =>  2:30
- Site inspection
CLOCK: [2020-04-14 Tue 09:00]--[2020-04-14 Tue 12:00] =>  3:00
- Preparing project registration documentation
CLOCK: [2020-04-07 Tue 11:10]--[2020-04-07 Tue 12:35] =>  1:25
- Proposal for extension of works prepare and send
CLOCK: [2020-04-06 Mon 12:00]--[2020-04-06 Mon 14:15] =>  2:15
- Making final changes to drawings after review by Chris Jacques
CLOCK: [2020-04-02 Thu 08:30]--[2020-04-02 Thu 10:00] =>  1:30
- Setting up verification documents for Chris Jacques
CLOCK: [2020-04-01 Wed 16:30]--[2020-04-01 Wed 17:30] =>  1:00
- Getting certification documents from Graeme
CLOCK: [2020-03-31 Tue 13:05]--[2020-03-31 Tue 14:46] =>  1:41
- Responded to requests from Building surveyor for additional information. Awaiting response from PM.
CLOCK: [2020-03-31 Tue 13:05]--[2020-03-31 Tue 14:15] =>  1:10
CLOCK: [2020-03-30 Mon 15:46]--[2020-03-30 Mon 16:46] =>  1:00
- Studied previous work of Billy as well as old drawings
CLOCK: [2020-03-25 Wed 07:40]--[2020-03-25 Wed 15:40] =>  8:00
CLOCK: [2020-03-23 Mon 10:00]--[2020-03-23 Mon 11:30] =>  1:30
CLOCK: [2020-03-17 Tue 10:14]--[2020-03-17 Tue 13:00] =>  2:46
CLOCK: [2020-03-10 Tue 11:00]--[2020-03-10 Tue 14:08] =>  3:08
:END:
:NOTES:
- Spoke with Martin from ARUP about drawings. ARUP sees no reason not to use the
  current solution to fill the stair voids.
- Note taken on [2020-03-10 Tue 16:45] \\
  Spoke to Ahmad Ahmad and he indicated that the client prefers a bondek solution,
  i.e. a concrete slab instread of a timber infil type solution
:END:
** TODO Create Safe design risk register off template
** WAIT Send updated price for additional openings
- State "WAIT"       from "TODO"       [2020-04-08 Wed 12:53] \\
  Awaiting response from PM
** Archive                                                         :ARCHIVE:
*** DONE Prepare final drawings showing location of penetrations on all levels 
CLOSED: [2020-04-02 Thu 10:20] SCHEDULED: <2020-04-01 Wed>
:PROPERTIES:
:ARCHIVE_TIME: 2020-04-02 Thu 10:34
:END:
*** DONE Get Graeme's correct registration number 
CLOSED: [2020-03-31 Tue 14:37]
:PROPERTIES:
:ARCHIVE_TIME: 2020-04-02 Thu 10:34
:END:
*** DONE Call John from AMP to discuss reasons for requiring reinforced concrete infills
CLOSED: [2020-03-30 Mon 16:44]
:PROPERTIES:
:ARCHIVE_TIME: 2020-04-02 Thu 10:34
:END:
*** DONE Call Graeme about deliverables
:PROPERTIES:
:ARCHIVE_TIME: 2020-04-02 Thu 10:34
:END:
*** DONE Get verification completed
*** DONE Get job number and capture correct timesheet hours
SCHEDULED: <2020-04-15 Wed>
:PROPERTIES:
:ARCHIVE_TIME: 2020-05-06 Wed 11:36
:END:
* GMHBA Stadium
* General
:LOGBOOK:
CLOCK: [2020-05-25 Mon 08:58]--[2020-05-25 Mon 10:00] =>  1:02
- Unit meeting
CLOCK: [2020-05-20 Wed 14:30]--[2020-05-20 Wed 15:00] =>  0:00
- Session about embodied energy with Uni Melbourne
:END:
** TODO Complete Cyber compliance training
* Engineers Australia Registration
** Register on website
** List requirements
[[file:Registration.org][Registration Notes]]
* Dormant
** 252289 Telstra Springvale
:LOGBOOK:
CLOCK: [2020-05-04 Mon 10:00]--[2020-05-04 Mon 11:00] =>  1:00
CLOCK: [2020-03-23 Mon 12:15]--[2020-03-23 Mon 13:21] =>  1:06
:END:
**** DONE WAIT Markup of foundations - Feedback from site required
** 500577 YJRP
:LOGBOOK:
CLOCK: [2020-05-07 Thu 13:20]--[2020-05-07 Thu 13:50] =>  0:30
CLOCK: [2020-05-04 Mon 09:00]--[2020-05-04 Mon 10:00] =>  1:00
:END:
*** Check YJRP roof again
** 244876 VTC 
*** Braces for crane beam
:LOGBOOK:
CLOCK: [2020-05-04 Mon 08:00]--[2020-05-04 Mon 10:00] =>  2:00
- Checking shop drawings
:END:
